This week on the podcast, strap yourself
in for a banger. I welcome back my old
friend, uh, degenerate gambler Howard
Linden. We talk about stock twits, about
social leverage, about his early
investment in Robin Hood, about why he's
concerned about the degeneracy economy,
uh, between meme coins and endofday
options and parlays. He's concerned
about what the next generation is doing.
I thought this conversation was
hilarious and I think you will also.
With no further ado, my sit down with
the one and only Howard Lensen.
>> Howard Linden, welcome back to
Bloomberg.
>> Wow, if only my kids could hear that.
>> I know. They think you're just an old
man. They have
>> They wse
>> show. Use the finger and ask for pity.
Surgically reattached.
>> Surgically reattached is a lesson of how
lucky we are. But we're have lived
without acute pain.
>> Like first of all, when I when I cut it
off,
>> it's amazing how many people do do that.
>> Was it still dangling on or was it
severed completely?
>> You pick it up, you call 911 and you go,
>> as a Jew, I wasn't sure if I boil it or
freeze it. So, that was the question I
asked 911 because it's never happened.
>> Well, as a Jew, you're only supposed to
take the tip off.
>> I don't know if you cook it. I don't
know if you freeze it. It's like
lobster.
>> So, uh, the woman on 911 said to please
don't bleed out. I go, that is not
helpful right now.
>> Now, as luck would have it,
>> I live on Coronado.
>> Good advice.
>> Good advice. I'm like, the one time I
got to call 911, I go, "Let's not talk.
Get me a machine over to my house. Get
me a robot." So living in Coronado is a
magical place. You've been there
>> a couple times.
>> And the great news about Coronado is the
Navy bays, Navy Seals are there. It's
like the It's the greatest place.
>> They have a hospital right there.
>> They do. But I'm saying there's cops and
firemen everywhere everywhere. Right.
>> So literally as I'm dialing 911, I it's
like they knew I cut my finger off. So
So as a miracle would have it, uh the
the the young um I've never really had
to be in an ambulance. So again, I'm
lucky. And um they took me off island
because they found a hand surgeon who
turned out to be 30 years old, which
freaked me out, right? Because I thought
he'd sew it on backwards or whatever.
Anyways, long story short, you know, I
was at peace once you realize you're
going to live.
>> Yeah.
>> Cuz it's I've never had that happen.
Like something like that happen.
>> Was you gushing blood? Was it
frightening?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I to my wife, I went to the
neighbors to bleed.
>> So it was like the next day it was
spotless in front of our house. But um
as luck would have, everybody did a
great job. the the the amazing thing. We
make fun of so many things in America
these days. The emergency system,
>> I needed it. I don't care what I pay in
taxes. It was it was amazing,
>> right? And yet you still have 10
fingers.
>> Yeah, I have 10 fingers for now. The
joke in the family is I don't want it
cuz it's kind of like a dead finger at
this point.
>> Oh, really?
>> Will it be functional? Will you regain
function?
>> It feels like if if I'm using it, it
just feels like a a wet skin,
>> right?
>> And so I'm not happy. But the doctor was
like, "You can decide later." It was his
It was his
>> If you want a prosthetic or
>> No, not a prosthetic. If you just want
to work with a nub, it's only a third of
the finger,
>> right?
>> So, anyways, it's it was traumatic, but
here we are.
>> Wow. All right.
>> Yeah, there's great stories. If you're a
storyteller, cut a finger off.
>> I mean, if you want traffic on Twitter,
bleed out.
>> Um, yeah, you you get traffic, but no
engagement. That's the problem with
>> I want to go viral. I got nine chances
left.
>> Uh 21 if you want to be accurate.
>> Toes are not good in the al fingers are
good.
>> And 21 the 21st. No go.
>> The 21st you you could be president.
>> So let let's roll back a little bit and
and start with your your
early uh education.
>> Bachelors from commerce uh university.
Bachelor's in Commerce from the
University at Western Ontario.
>> Yeah, it's a famous business school for
>> NBA Arizona State and then
>> famous for uh bums. Arizona State
Business School. What does that even
mean?
>> And then masters at Thunderbird School
of Global Management
>> which was a great school now owned by
great animated cartoon in the 60s.
>> Correct. Correct.
>> Um so what given all that what was the
original career plan?
>> Comedy.
>> Yeah. I grew up uh
>> you and Martin Short right out of
Canada, right?
>> Not Martin, he was already older, but I
grew up in Toronto and that was so when
I was 75 watching Johnny Carson on my
first TV. Um you saw everybody and it
was like your living room and so it's
Toronto had Second City. Yeah. John
Candy, Martin Short, Eugene Levy. Second
City was before Saturday Night Live and
and so I grew up
>> around the same time, weren't they?
>> Yeah. So I'm like 12 years old giggling,
you know, and there was no internet. So
you were like, "Go to the comedy clubs
with your friends." Toronto had this
clubs called Yak Yaks,
>> which was a famous chain, like the
improv but of Canada. And you had Mike
Myers,
>> another Canadian.
>> Yeah. Everybody exploding onto the scene
at at the same time.
>> And so I was doing standup in high
school.
>> Get out.
>> But not good obviously. But Mike Myers
would come up. Mike Myers would come up
and kill. He was like 17 years old. Jim
Car's 14 years old, killing,
>> right?
>> And so everybody wanted to be a comic.
No different than like the web 2.0.
Everybody went to Stanford to be an
engineer. But certain in ' 90s it was
investment banking. Now it'll be robots
and AI. It's just what's in the water.
And I grew up with comedy in the water.
>> And so that was the goal. And obviously,
you know, with Jewish parents at the
time, that ain't flying. Especially I
wasn't good,
>> right?
>> And so I went to school.
>> You you dropped that you weren't good as
like an afterthought.
I think if you're successful and earning
a living Well,
>> I wasn't.
>> Even a Jewish parent will put up with
you. It would be nuts.
>> Jerry Seinfeld's mom is fine with it.
>> Yes. But I'm saying now if my son came
to me and said, "I'm going to go hit the
comedy tour." I'd warn him how dark it
is. But I'd say, "Go make it. Go on
YouTube."
>> Like 10,000 hours. You don't have to
live in mot 10,000 hours. Yeah. Get the
faster you get those 10,000 hours in,
the better.
>> That's right. So, you grow up in Canada.
You start your career in Phoenix and San
Diego and New York City. I'm curious.
That's an interesting,
>> you know, uh, Toronto, Phoenix, San
Diego, New York. How did that
geographical
um, upbringing affect your perspective
as an investor?
>> Who was an investor? I don't know. As a
kid, I was lucky.
>> Yeah.
>> Because if you're Jewish in Toronto or
New York at that area, you go to
Florida,
>> you know, the original Deloka Vista.
>> And um but my dad was different and he
discovered Phoenix.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And so in the 80s, like Phoenix was like
swamp coolers and he just liked the
weather and I don't know.
>> I'll let you in on a little secret. The
weather in Florida ain't great. It's
humid. It it
>> to my dad obviously that's hot.
>> Yeah. So that's way he discovered
Phoenix and bought a home and I liked
golf and biking. And so lucky for me, we
had a I went instead of going to
Florida, we were going to Arizona.
>> And so I would go to the football games
>> as a kid and I was like ASU. That was my
dream. Just get just just go to Arizona
State University, which I ended up, you
know, doing for grad school, which isn't
a great grad school, but it was party
school. But that was my dream. Get out
of Canada,
>> right?
>> So I got lucky. I, you know, my parents
exposed me to, you know, Arizona
and I went to ASU had the time. It was
amazing. And then if you're Jewish in
Phoenix,
>> cuz the summers,
>> right,
>> it's it's like New York goes to Florida
in the winter. Jewish people in Phoenix
go to this go to San Diego in the summer
to get out of the
>> Right. They want closer to the ocean.
It's a nice weather.
>> Six hour drive and it's 70°.
>> And I love La Hoya and that whole area.
>> So the whole it's called zonies. So,
Arizonans flood San Diego to to Delmare.
>> I wish.
>> And so, we grew up Coronado. Not grew
up, sorry. I I my in-laws had a place in
Coronado. And so, when we had kids, I'm
like, get out of the heat if you're not
rich.
>> Summerred in Coronado.
>> Yeah. We would not summer, but a week
here, a week there.
>> I wish California wasn't six hours away.
If it was two hours away, 100%. We were
just in San Francisco.
>> It's fun again.
>> It's a boom town. Tales of an
apocalyptic hellscape have been wildly
>> exaggerated.
>> It's still not my fave, but it's cool.
>> It's less homeless than New York.
>> Yeah, I'm not just talking about
homeless. The people are still
>> They're educated. They're intelligent. I
mean, if you're if you lose if you're
not New York City,
>> it's not New York. who could you know
when you leave New York
and I I don't know about you I make a
conscious effort to not be that New York
abroad even out of time out of town.
>> Yeah.
>> California especially San Francisco
it doesn't feel like you've left town.
>> I love it.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean I just have the California bug.
>> Yes.
>> But coast to coast is a dream and I get
to live it. So
>> it it's just a lot of travel. The thing
about and I do like Florida a lot but
same as you six hours like Phoenix or
San Diego. Florida is like not on the
map. It's no one does it like it's not a
thing.
>> Right. No Phoenix to San Diego makes
sense. Phoenix to Florida just like New
York to Florida makes sense.
>> Correct.
>> New York to
>> So you ask So you ask how'd that happen?
That's the right of passage. instead of
Toronto, Florida, my whole life,
>> I jumped to the West Coast
>> and then I discovered San Diego through
my in-laws and my wife and man.
>> Well, you've been to Coronado. It's
>> ridiculous. Yeah. So, let's let me let
me wrestle this back into submission.
So, you've worn a lot of hats. You're a
hedge fund manager, a founder, a CEO, a
seed investor, a media personality. How
do you describe to people who don't know
you what you do?
>> It's a great question. My in-laws are in
their 80s and they they still ask me,
"What do we tell people you do?" And I'm
like, "Who the hell cares?" And the
world's now decided that for you. No one
cares,
>> right?
>> So, what do you do? Right? Like I think
we're getting back into like where it's
it you should be proud to have like a um
what do you call a profession?
>> I don't have a profession. So, you asked
how I got started as an investing. I got
started as investing because I failed at
everything else. Uh-huh.
>> And which is kind of the Larry David
part of it is like I stumbled into it
because the internet is like water.
>> It'd be like discovering California.
Like internet was like tech.
>> So the '9s were like I didn't understand
it was semiconductors. Right.
>> We're full circle. Right.
>> Coder.
>> I'm not a coder. I don't even know how
things work. I never did Radio Shack.
Right. Right. Like so the odd I like
walkietalkies were freaking me out. So
the odds of me being in tech are are are
part of the comedy.
>> Full circle. We are now back in a tech
world. Robots, chips, like real stuff.
Glo.
>> You know, a little secret. We never
left. It just kind of felt
>> I I found the goofball era. Web two was
the goofball era where you and I or
social media. You could be the class
clown and have scale.
>> Okay.
>> Now that's gone again. And class clown.
You now you need to be a bully again.
It's it's you need to already have
distribution,
>> right? It's hard to build distribution
today. So I'm saying being an early
adopter is certainly an advantage.
>> Super, but now it it doesn't matter. You
have to have real tech chops again.
>> You can't pose like I am. Like I have
imposttor syndrome for the right
reasons, right?
>> Because I'm an impostor. Meaning the
internet left a little opening in 2006
for goofballs.
>> And we got to participate in an era
>> of free growth when Facebook didn't
charge you or have an AI algorithm that
blocked you. You could say whatever you
want. People go, "He's funny." And you
could scale for free, which is why we
had an internet boom, web 2.0 internet
boom right after the internet cris. Now,
we live in an era where those people are
confusing their genius for a bull
market,
>> right?
>> And we're all sick of those people.
>> Can can I push back on you a tiny little
bit
>> because I know you for so so well for so
long. Mhm.
>> Hold the imposttor syndrome aside. Um,
the early internet rewarded people who
could communicate
effectively,
be it work your way through the media,
be it blogs
>> or short form blogs like Twitter or
other social media or uh podcasts or
video and YouTube. There's a whole run
of different um ways to use the internet
to scale.
>> Yeah.
>> So, it's not an impostor. You basically
just kept tacking into what was working.
Oh, this works. Let's do more of it.
>> Of course, but the era was free.
>> So, you had that great financial crisis.
No one thought the internet was going to
happen. So, meaning Uber couldn't be
possible without Google Maps. Like
people say Uber is great. It wasn't
possible unless there was an iPhone, the
cloud,
>> media, global be typing, I want a taxi.
Without Google Maps, no one would know
where to go.
>> That's right. And all of that only
worked because of the bubble and the
buildout of Global Crossing and Metro
Media Fiber. So, I'm saying $1,000 a
mile bought for pennies. No, but my
imposttor syndrome is born of of course
I have an ego, but my imposter syndrome
was surrounded by crazy people who who
are mistaking as I was talking to Tim
O'Brien.
>> If this was we went from a world where
strength mattered not that long ago
this matters,
>> right? No.
>> And I'm like people just the humility is
gone. And I feel it's with my kids and
everything. It's with the injury and
everything. You have to have some
humility. We need to get back to having
some humility and laughing at our
success and going, "Wait a minute. It
was a bull market. Zero interest. There
was Zerp. There was the free internet,
AWS,
you had YouTube. You had if you did,
Here's my question. If you aren't
successful,
that'd be more interesting." I want to
talk to the guy like the Larry David
commercial with FTX when he's like, "Oh,
the circle. Who fire?
>> Who needs a
>> Who needs fire? That was such a great
commercial because only Larry David or
you know I know the guys who wrote the
commercial
>> that what made that commercial great is
Larry David gets the joke. You idiots on
it.
>> You're in on the fact that of course you
made money. You worked at Facebook. It
grew because the product was genius and
tricked people into signing up. You did
nothing except ride the the train. Now
I'm not saying smart people didn't work
there, but let's remember Game of
Thrones were all dead. The people that
are successful today are Mark Andre and
Chamat. The people that I can't like are
hilarious to me. They have no humility.
Is that Game of Thrones are we're all
dead first, second, first scene, right?
>> There's a hammer in our heads.
>> And and you and I might have a chance
cuz we're the court jesters.
>> That's right.
>> And if we dance well enough,
>> dance for me, monkey boy.
>> But Andre dead. Jam dead. There's just a
pitchfork in their foreheads on the
first scene of Gladiator. Well, if you
you know,
>> so that's the
>> you have people like Da Vinci that were
consultants to the king to help build
weapons and things. So unless you can,
you know, early days of Palunteer,
unless you can say, "Hey, here's how to
make a better catapult."
>> Sure.
>> You know, those guys survive.
>> So I'm saying I come along like tweeting
stock twits, like it was just enabling
communication. Listen, I'm very proud of
this stuff, but I'm also can laugh about
how stupid it is. like I don't have
another trick. Like the internet left
this opening kind of like discovering
California. If you're early to discover
California and made it past the Indians
and the mountains and didn't get robbed
by like
>> murdered, stampeded cash, like let's
carry all our money in a stage coast
pulled by horses at 3 m an hour. What
are the odds we get killed?
>> Right?
>> It's impossible. So the internet left
this opening and I snuck through it and
it's fun to look back with some humor at
the whole thing. you're going to let
>> I think the hole is closed up.
>> Like Elon owns the pipes, Zuckerberg
owns the pipes, uh True Social owns
their version of a pipe, uh Tik Tok has
an algorithm. How do you break through?
>> Cuz those things get tired and the next
gen says just the way fa just the way
Facebook became, oh, my parents are on
Facebook, I'm out.
>> I'm going to go to Insta and then I'm
going to go to Tik Tok. And so there'll
be something new.
>> Not questioning that. I'm just
questioning it'll never have been e
it'll never be easier than when I made
money and I'm cool with that. Like
that's the imposter.
>> I don't dis completely disagree with you
and you're touching on a pet thesis I
love to ask. What would have happened to
you had you been born a hundred years
earlier or even 25 years earlier?
>> Right. If you're born in 1940
>> what happened?
>> I'm a furryer.
Look at my ax
moa pel. I have all these beaver ps.
>> I have a a cafe that has so many dishes
on it that make no sense
>> and I'm selling fur or something. I
mean, I had no shot. I have no strength,
>> right? Just think about how fortunate
>> I cut my own finger off,
>> right? So, if you didn't bleed out,
you're nine fingers now forever.
>> But have you been off? You stick You
stick your finger into the fire and you
corderize it. That's what the old-timers
would tell you. Get a B get a piece of
steel in the in the fire. They'll heat
up the iron. You just burn it and that's
your
>> All I thought about was like
>> what's the what's the is the ambulance
going to charge too much
>> and should I bleed at the neighbor's
house? Those were my first two thoughts.
My wife will kill me that I'm bleeding
in our yard.
>> Let's do segment two. And I have to
start by asking
>> about social leverage. You you've been
doing this for
>> 20 years. So how from the first seed
fund you did to today? Yeah. Where you
have a portfolio of 150 plus companies.
Yeah. How has this evolved? First of
all, what was the first company you
invested in?
>> So the first company I invested in was
the was so dumb. Car cars direct 1998.
The tippy top as my wire
left digitally my fingertips or whatever
bank it was coming from. It was
worthless, right? meaning like it was a
series Q,
>> right?
>> Uh
>> but this you were just early. This is
Pets.com eventually became
>> but I was late in that cycle cuz
would have been
>> Yeah. So I was the retail idiot. So I
grew up
>> like I said I went to ASU. You're going
to be a furer,
>> right?
>> That's your chance. And so and a bad one
because you know um so the internet
comes along. I fall in love with stock
market because I had made some money at
my at my first startup and I had to be
my own broker and so Yahoo Finance, Jim
Kramer, Street.com, like they're still
around, right?
>> So So those were my onboarding. You were
writing for the Street.com.
>> They were the dominant like people who
were younger don't realize Yahoo is
still massive. Kramer's still massive.
>> I I think the street.com doesn't get the
traffic.
>> Well, yeah. Well, he's on TV twice a
day. I'm saying this is 30 years.
>> Yeah.
>> So that was my introduction to retail
investing cuz I couldn't afford a
Bloomberg. Still can't.
>> So the Drake I think you could afford a
Bloomberg post
>> I could I wouldn't know how to use
>> post Robin Hood.
>> I wouldn't know how to use it unless
there's a phone
charge
>> especially with nine fingers. How you
need all 10 fingers for the terminal.
>> So I was inspired by you that street.com
had murderers row of writers to a new
investor. Uh, I just would sit and wait
for articles to come out and Yahoo
Finance. So, I was on the message
boards. Pearlman, you like we were on
was on the message.
>> So, Cars Direct was your first
investment
>> and 10 years later, I got 10% of my
money back after it being successful.
So, so my first thing was a disaster.
>> What was your first successful
investment?
>> So, my first successful investment was a
cold call that I made pre- internet in a
in a company I probably talked about on
the last show called The Grip. It was
the so I had the good fortune of being
an hour before the internet. Before the
internet, an hour before the thing
before the thing was QVC,
>> I recall.
>> Okay. So before the internet still on
TV,
>> QVC was the internet. Meaning there was
the whole of Philadelphia was just old
people on a phone saying, "Yes, yes,
we'll take your order and your credit
card." And if you were on QVC was a
studio like this,
>> we had a product called the Grip. I
recall this
>> and it's in the QVC Hall of Fame.
>> So I made a cold call while I was a
stock broker to this kid thinking he was
rich cuz back in the '9s you it was just
like the movie.
>> You would get a newspaper and decide who
you're going to cold call that day.
>> So I hated my job. That was my first job
out of college and I was cold calling to
get rich clients. And I called this kid
and he ended up needing money. Like he
was just promoting himself.
>> He reverse pitched you. He he he reverse
pitched me and and I and I had to cobble
up 25 grand from my mom and friends and
I and I'm like I'm in. And then he paid
off his AMX with that 25.
>> By the way, every every stock broker and
salesperson appreciates a good sales
pitch. They're sucker for a good sales
pitch.
>> Well, he was promoting himself and I was
trying to sell him some and he sold me
on his company. Turned out to be a home
run company. It was it was he was a
dropout. Mark Scattered. unbelievable
entrepreneur. And he had he made this
product with five balloons wrapped
around this Siberian millet. And we were
the largest Siberian millet orderers in
the world in the '9s because we were
making millions of balls a month by by
hand and selling them with corporate
logos on them during the whole 90s run
ofarmacies. And
>> it's just a desk toy, a squeeze,
>> desk toy. But our genius was putting
corporate logos on it.
>> Nobody had done that before.
>> Well, that industry was huge in the '9s.
corporate giveaways, right, with trade
shows and whatever. And we just got the
right product at the right time. And
>> what?
>> Oh my god. We were just We were the
ball. There's so many ball jokes, but
they'd all get deleted here. We were the
ball boys of the '9s.
>> How many did these
>> We did. We did 60 70 million in sales.
>> Get out.
>> And the margins were crazy because
unlike retail, if you put Bed Bath and
Beyond or Compact on a Ball, they own
it,
>> right?
>> There's no returns.
>> Uhhuh. And so so we just had this pet
rock business where like compact would
call we need a million balls for comex
and we'd just hire people illegal aliens
and they would come into Phoenix and
they would all cut their fingers off
like making these things.
>> But
>> you made it in the states.
>> We made it in the states. We spent we
all our money was trying to figure out
how to machine make these in the '9s and
we wasted so much money trying to like
get humans out of the process. Compact
would order a million, pay you
>> right, in advance
>> to start, right? So, we'd be buying
cars. It was just two person company and
like a bunch of like staff. And so, we'd
go out to lunch and buy cars because we
were paid before we even started making
the product.
>> And and so we were like that's how I
learned business kind of like
>> And you started this on QVC. No, QVC
picked us up
>> and Mark used to go on TV and back back
in the 90s in QVC if it was selling.
They just kept you out there like a
cartoon character. They didn't they
hadn't scientifically gone to the profit
per second model
>> because they were surprised at their
success. So the grip appealed to like
70-year-old women who had carpal like
they just like squeezing arthritis
little. So we created this $19 threeack
that had soft, medium, and I swear to
God, you can't make this up.
>> And soft, medium, and firm. And QVC just
kept Mark on stage all day and the
numbers would go
>> unbelievable.
>> And and um it was a miracle. That was
our first success. So that was so I was
very much that was my first internet
success. So when did
>> sorry that was my first success.
>> When did social leverage launch?
>> So so so you you and I both lived
through this the the great financial
crisis.
>> Uhhuh. And that was an era of so up
until 2007
2006 we lived in a world of financial
leverage
>> meaning and we know what happened at the
end of that stacking you know Excel came
out
>> people didn't have to my dad when I grew
up with my dad in Toronto if you did an
acquisition it was like 700 pieces of
paper with pencil taped together
>> then Excel comes out which of course
nothing you know everything's made up at
that
and one one sell off can change the
world but but we became a world that's
stacking things financial leverage right
that was the banking era and the end of
financial leverage era came in 2006 2007
at the same time that social media came
out so the the play on words was I
wanted to as an early adopter of social
media I was like if an idiot like me so
the idea was social leverage you can
implode with social leverage whereas
financial course well that was pre-anc
thesis was oh my god an idiot like me
who knows the right three people can
just grow their network for free forever
and so that was the birth of the the
name social leverage
>> that makes a lot of sense
>> yeah it was just like a play on words
some some people will call me and go oh
you guys do social investing go that's
the last thing I do meaning I'm not
there's no impact it was just the the
play on words of financial leverage to
social leverage I I like it.
>> But good point. You can blow up on
social leverage.
>> So now you're up to fund four.
>> Fund six.
>> Fund six. Wow. I have the I and the V.
>> The good news is you passed on all of
them.
>> So we continue to do well until you come
in.
>> Soon as I come in, it's over.
>> Well, that's when we shut down.
>> And and I famously
um or infamously was an investor in
Stock Twits. And then when you pitched
me on Robin Hood
>> it's a line in the book how that's the
dumbest effing idea I've ever heard in
my life.
>> You weren't the only one
>> and it was it was I will I will I will I
>> you in the majority. You were in the
majority.
>> I own it in the book and between you and
me I'll say a it was off brand
>> and b no doubt that the pandemic
lockdown helped them dramatically.
No, no, no. the the the thing about
Robin Hood because I was there from day
one and by day one I mean they had it
there was another company
>> right
>> Kronos research before they were like
high frequency guys and math guys but um
you could only this is about you ask
about investing it's you know the life
I've led boots on like just curiosity
your eyes nose ears feet you become a
great investor by like touching feeling
>> right you got to be on street level. The
best investors are street level in I'm
talking about private markets.
>> Public market is a different thing.
>> So let's talk about private. Let's talk.
>> No. So we were talking about Robin Hood.
So So the great thing about Robin Hood
is it's not that I got it right. It's
like I was if I didn't get that right,
I'm nobody. Meaning I had to get that
right as Yahoo Finance user, Street.com
guy, Erade baby, you know what I mean?
Twitter user, Stock Twits founder, and
and I if I had any nerve or any tech
skills or any like real balls or
whatever we're going to call it, I build
my own brokerage. Like we I was there to
do all that. But in 2010, even until
till Robin Hood started, no one wanted
to start it. Brokerage ideas are
terrible ideas. So you have to
understand that in 2013 when I saw Robin
Hood, no one in America, that's shocking
that no one wanted to build Erade 2.0,
right? But what the venture capitalists
were doing, they were enamored, and this
is where venture capitalists, I always
goof on venture capitalists. They were
enamored with the wrong thing at the
time. It was like Wealthfront
betterment. The the VCs were enamored
with assets under management. AUM. They
felt like Vanguard was the one to
disrupt. So everybody wanted to be the
next if you're a venture capitalist, you
want to be the next Vanguard. No one
knew. And I thought that was flawed. I
thought that was flawed because the
margins are tiny and and you're never
going to build something 10 times better
than Vanguard. Meaning, wait a minute,
what's wrong with Vanguard versus E
Trade? I'm like, it's interface uh
trade, you know, it's just ripping me
off and I was a I was the right guy to
get that pitch at the right time. So, of
course, I had to do that deal. It would
have been that's what that's why the
podcast with the guy who passed if I
passed on Robin I'd be a more
interesting guest like
>> how much did you put into to
>> Well, we did hundred like I we had a it
was our first fund
>> so we were writing $100,000 checks so it
was $100,000 at 8 million I thought it
was expensive an 8 million valuation
like at the time we were doing three
million valuations
>> so you know we're negot like I met them
>> uhhuh
>> by and I flew up because they called me
because of Stock Twits. So they called
me and said, "We have this app." They
were they were out of they were out of
money and I flew up to Silicon Valley
and they showed up wearing Google Glass.
Two idiots. Like I'm like immediately
I'm out. Like no one, you know what I
mean? Like remember that era?
>> Glass holes is what everybody
>> I don't know what it was, but I was
immediately like what? And uh two dorks.
But they showed me the app. They had
this guy, this Joe who was their
designer who had been at Facebook and he
showed me the app and that's when I knew
it wasn't live. They didn't have their
FINRA. They didn't have their broker. So
it was really early but because of
Stocks and Twitter I knew that if you
build it they will come. If you build an
a design like Uber if you build Uber for
trading okay what people didn't get
again was they were all betting hundreds
of millions have been invested in
Betterment and Wealthfront at the time.
So the the Silicon Valley was leaning
into the Vanguard model,
>> right?
>> So no one wanted to do the deal because
who needs another brokerage? And by the
way, building a brokerage, getting SEC
approval, VCs don't like doing work.
They don't like waiting a year.
>> It's a grind. Yeah.
>> VCs do not like doing investment. Now
they do because there's so much money in
in sovereign, you know, you can get so
much money and charge 2%. But back in
2013, it was like show me something
that's working. I want to be the Uber of
that. So to take a year off and go get
SEC approval, to go do those things,
they deserve it. And you had to wait.
You couldn't just go launch it and get
sued.
>> Th this is in hindsight. If you want to
be the next Vanguard, wait. Their secret
sauce is that they have such scale they
could charge four bips and still make
money. You You're losing money at 25
bips.
>> And if you switch, you switch. But they
have so much assets. So switching costs.
So I could we could talk about this
forever. I was in the right place, right
time. Right people pitch me, right
valuation, everything worked. I could
tell you a hundred stories of like
everything lined up and it doesn't work.
Robin Hood would have worked whether I
showed up or not, right?
>> So we did a h 100red,000.
>> Now obviously we helped them
tremendously with Stock Twits. We were
like responsible for hundreds of
thousands of early signups because Stock
Twits users love the idea.
>> Of course, free trading.
>> Free trading. No, but also the API
hooking in that you could slide right on
>> right over
>> and and trade. Yeah,
>> it's pretty funny. Now, that idea in '
07 when I had it, Jack and A, like as a
Twitter guy, I went to Jack and A. Yeah.
And A and Fred Wilson put me in the room
with them and I'm like, "Guys,
>> what are you talking about? Kim
Kardashian taking a poop on Kanye West.
That's not interesting." You know what's
interesting? The president's going to
tweet one day and the markets are going
to move. Like, this is literally my
pitch to Jack and F set up by Fred
Wilson who was they were like Kumbaya,
plane lands on a Hudson, right?
uh you know we're growing our beards. Uh
no, you know like I mean they were just
the darlings of they didn't need ideas.
So they were like
>> it was the town the town
>> they weren't mass financial guys they
were kumbaya guys they were builders. So
my pitch fell on like who are you?
They didn't get monetizing Twitter
through
>> they didn't it's not about moni they
didn't understand
what they had meaning selling ads
against something that Goldman Sachs
will pay infinity for meaning a new pipe
where Bloomberg's charging $2,000 to get
real-time information now like Osama bin
Laden getting killed the future with
like in 08 whenever Osama was finally
killed what year 11 I know where I was
Right?
>> Because immediately I checked the
futures and they had already moved
>> and that's because of Twitter, right?
Cuz some guy in Pakistan saw it and the
futures moved,
>> right?
>> Like that's when it should have clicked.
It's like shut down everything. Delay
the feed 30 seconds and you know what's
going to happen? Goldman will call you
Reuters Bloomberg. They'll see that
you're off by 30 seconds and they'll pay
you fortunes to get the real time feed.
Right?
>> You and me schmuck two and three don't
need real time one second, right? So my
pitch to Jack and Evv with Fred Wilson
was like, "Slow down the feed because
99% of the population and we're there
anyways with AI. No one no one gets
realtime feed, right?
>> Slow down the feed. Your phone will ring
for the people that know that the feed's
not in real time and they will pay you
infinity to get the pipe." And they were
like, "No, let's sell ads."
>> So here we are. So, so you haven't
talked about the cash tag which I really
want to talk about something stock twitz
invented. Yes. A dollar sign and then a
is the symbol for Apple or
>> so this is the jack and f stores. So
again I didn't want to start a company.
I just sold Wall Street which you know
which was my best work
>> but again stupid work but my be no
personally I'm most proud of it. You
sell a company to CBS when you are
literally an idiot is the dream.
>> I think that's a fair disclosure. Yeah,
yeah, yeah. They said, by the way, as
they wrote, as Les Moonves wrote the
check, he goes, "I can't believe we're
writing an idiot like this, a check."
That was like that's the quote.
>> I said, "Please write that like you and
your book. Please write that you're so
angry."
>> So, anyways, they had just uh bought my
company.
>> And literally a month later, I'm like,
"You made the wrong acquisition. You
need to buy Twitter." Like, Twitter is
to to Quincy at at who had bought my
company at CBS. And I remember there was
no iPhone yet
and Twitter came out and I thought it
was stupid. You thought it was stupid.
We all thought it was stupid. Annoying.
Andy Swan, an old friend, was like, "I
get this. This is financial." Cuz you
know, at the beginning I'm on, we all
had our Blackberry. It wasn't even It
wasn't even a native mobile app. It was
just the web and it was all venture
capital. And my shtick in 2006, 2007 was
I just peed at the grammar. Like so the
VCs love me. They were like, "Who's this
idiot talking about his bowel
movements?" And and then Andy Swan said,
"You know, this is like financial. This
is like a new Bloomberg, right?" And I
said, "And I just so so the hashtag was
a thing." And I'm like, it was all spam.
Like if you went to Apple, like a hash
apple, it was like I went to the store
and bought a green apple, right? Like
that's literally what people were
saying. It was so
>> Now it would be like let's nuke apples.
But like at the beginning it was like I
bought a green apple. And I'm like
that's spam. So I sent Fred Wilson the
first message and I'm saying like and
back then Blackberry was the hot stock
and I'm like I just bought dollar sign
RIMM and Fred Wilson who's the godfather
of all this and was an investor in
Twitter sent me back a text goes this is
genius you need to start a company and
that's what set me down the stock twits
path.
>> Did was Wilson an investor in Stock
Twits?
>> No because he was an investor in Twitter
and he thought there would be a
conflict.
>> It's no conflict. It's a great but Fred
is the Fred is the hero G. Well Fred's
the OG. So Fred Fred's strategy is if he
bets on one, he does. And I I follow
Fred's strategy. There's other people
who spray and prey and don't care who
they and 90% do that. But Fred was of
the opinion back then is like I work
with you. Um there's going to be
conflicts are a thing like no conflict,
no interest. That that's he's very cool
that way, but don't create conflict just
to create conflict. So in his wisdom, he
was like, you know, what's going to
happen if you guys get in a fight and
yada yada yada. So he politely backed
out, but we were backed by good VCs.
Raising money was not my problem. The my
VC should have said, you know, just not
a good enough idea.
>> So as an investor in Stock Twits, I
always wondered why the hell didn't
Twitter buy Stock Twits.
>> Well, they don't understand finance.
They should have bought it. You remember
the last scene in Raiders of the Lost
Arc?
>> Yeah, of course. The whole movie is
about getting
>> and then the last scene is this is a
very important again why media matters
to investing
>> and it's just a black hole forever never
to be seen again
>> the best tech companies like Salesforce
he understands corporate devs sometimes
you buy something to kill it
>> right
>> to say and by the way it's not it cost
me a fortune they're like my Newman
Twitter's like my Newman from signpost
it's like Twitter
like you know
>> now who's dating themselves. So, no, but
what I'm saying is they're my Newman
like in Seinfeld. Meaning these people,
it was a clown car as Zuckerberg said.
There's so many people that got rich
nonexecuting.
>> I love the line was in one of your
recent posts,
>> right? But Zuckerberg said it first,
>> which was
>> it was a clown car. I don't know.
>> That crashed into a gold mine.
>> Yeah. And so Twitter and the the real
problem with Twitter was it was a
financial product. Mhm.
>> And Elon knows that better than anybody
in the end because although he just well
he monetized it by stepping it in a
shell company. It's still like it's an
asset and he's made tremendous mistakes
to to to think that Trump end around the
whole thing. Meaning Twitter's supposed
to be a real time network,
>> right?
>> They have to pull True Social,
>> True Social is worthless other than one
guy who sits on top of Twitter and you
have to copy paste his tweet like so
Twitter on a different platform,
>> forgetting how bungled the company is.
The fact that they owned real time and
do not own real time and that I'm the
schmuck that came up with the original
like Trump is going to tweet. Now,
obviously Obama was president when I had
this idea, but like that the pipe
matters and who is king of the pipe. To
think that Trump beat Elon at his own
game is pretty insane.
>> He he is savvy in ways that people don't
appreciate.
>> Insane that truth social exists. It's
worthless but for one guy tweeting,
>> right?
>> Unbelievable. It's inconceivable
>> to to bring
>> you bested my man of orange
>> to to
>> So the poison cannot be in front of you.
>> So So now 2024, you come back to Stock
Twits as CEO.
>> What motivated that? Are the early
investors going to see an exit? What's
what's going on?
>> That's inside information.
>> No, it's not public.
>> No. So
>> it's not it's it's it's non-public
information, but it's not a legal inside
information.
>> No. Stocks is like a a corn on your
foot.
>> You can't No, I mean listen.
>> Here's the thing about venture capital
is
>> here's the thing about venture capital.
Not everything should be venture
capital.
>> True.
>> Okay. So I joke about this with with my
finger like
>> like whose fault is it?
>> Okay. I think stock is a great idea. The
cash was a great idea. I'm very proud of
it. I'm not proud of having to run a
company 17 years later.
>> Not that it wasn't my dream when I
started Stock Twist is to be sitting
here answering questions about how am I
going to make money, but you right to do
this. So, what I'm saying is
>> I and young kids need to know this like
math. Not everybody gets to have a
startup.
>> Of course.
>> Okay. Well, my venture capitalist, if
they're as good as they say and they are
great,
>> should have stopped me and said, "This
isn't quite venture capital." Let me
push back on that cuz I knew you were
going to go there
>> and your venture capitalists and we know
a lot of the same people
>> said, "Hey, there was a window to get
out. You wouldn't have gotten an FU
number, but you would have gotten a
pretty good number."
>> You know, I never got a number.
>> There was never I thought there were
discussions that just never came to
fruition.
>> Discussions.
>> Yeah.
>> I thought you guys were on the one yard
line.
>> I'm discussing it right now openly.
>> There's always a price. Who which
camera? Camera two. No. Uh listen, we
have never some things are only fairly
valued for a second,
>> right?
>> And some things stay overvalued or
undervalued forever as we know from the
market.
>> And I think Stock Twits, I'll take full
responsibility. We've always missed a
window of positioning and but the good
news is Stock Twit is thriving,
>> right? It's doing well. This is a
perfect
>> So I'm saying like
>> Robin Hood should
>> we were 10 years ahead of our time. Mhm.
>> If you think about where public when
when I started stock to retail investing
was a laughing stock and it still is to
most institutions
>> much less so today than it was. now.
>> So, so again, if you look at my
portfolio,
>> the by the way, the private equity,
private credit wouldn't be so hungry for
retail investors if it was truly they
call me every day, right?
>> So, there's two worlds that I live in.
The world where retail
>> doesn't take itself seriously enough
>> and private equity guys call me, CEOs of
public companies call me to take like
I'm in a crazy seat, right?
>> Because I'm a goofball, right?
>> But I am ser, you know, like I am
serious. It's like I'm trying to be
serious.
>> You used to be 6040 goofball serious.
Now you're 4060.
>> Yeah, it switches.
>> You're the new 6040.
>> Yeah, I'm I'm uh I can laugh at myself,
but I'm trying to run a serious
business, right? Because because it's
been a long time and we were just way
ahead of the curve. Like Jack and E
didn't understand what we have. Fred
Wilson understood it,
>> right?
>> Um there very few people that
understood. Very few people liked Robin
Hood until 2020 in GameStop. Then they
like it for the wrong reasons. By the
way, I don't like the Robin Hood that
became like I am not I call it the
degenerate economy, but when I invested
in Robin Hood, I didn't know the
degenerate economy would exist. I didn't
know the prediction markets would exist.
I didn't know options would be their
biggest product. I was just wanting to
see
>> options are bigger than crypto for Robin
Hood.
>> Crypto's tiny. Options is everything.
>> Huh.
>> 90% of their [__] profits will come
from options. Any broker, I didn't
realize that. How are they going to make
money on zero commission other than
options? People doing yolo trades,
>> payment for order flow, margin loans.
>> That's just a that's just media being
bad media.
>> I'm going to tell you that the big shops
like Fidelity and Schwab, the single
biggest line item of profitability are
credit loans.
>> Okay, it could be 90. I don't know. I
don't I don't the financial
>> at one point in time it was over half at
Schwab. I don't know what it is today.
When we invested in Robin Hood, here was
my thinking is first of all, I love the
product. You got to be a user of the
product to be a good investor. I'm not
the guy who's like here's space check
and here's a biotech. What do I know?
>> So the odds have to be stacked in my
favor first of all, but second of all,
and they were I was Yahoo, I was Yahoo
Finance, I was you, I was blogging, I
was doing everything and and they came
along at the right time.
>> When Robin the pitch for me with Robin
Hood was not that they were going to
make money. It was an eight million
valuation. Like, you know, at my event,
people are like, "How are they gonna
make money?" I'm like, "Chill the hell
out. We haven't even launched a thing
yet." The point was Schwab was paying
$150 to get a customer
>> to acquire customer acquisition.
>> And my thesis was like Uber, Robin Hood
would pay zero. So, if you get a million
people,
>> even if they're $4 in their account,
it's a good arb. Those don't come along
very Did I think it could be a $30
billion? I'm not so psycho that I
thought I was investing in a 3040
million company billion billion.
>> So of course I'm not that smart. But
what I'm saying is I saw the ARB
>> and all they had to do was deliver the
product. Now it went way beyond my
expectations. That's the Larry David.
>> By the way, you didn't give me that
pitch. The pitch was
>> I I'm sure I did.
>> The pitch was free trading millennials,
the whole next generation. You're going
to capture them before anybody else.
>> Well, I knew that from stock. I knew I'd
capture them. But if I say if I
mentioned the ARB trade, people are
like, "Oh, they're gonna have to raise
so much money." There was a lot of
problem.
>> The AR trade in hindsight, the ARB trade
was why I invested
>> would would have been compelling and and
again I it's a chapter.
>> I'll tell you a great and it's so off
brand.
>> One great story. Go ahead.
>> Cuz because this is just a an investing
story. So we're very small fund. The
first one was six million. We've we've
done now we run hundred million dollar
funds. And
>> you cap it at 100 or
>> Yeah. I don't think I don't think our
returns would be good. Yeah,
>> we like writing one to$2 million checks.
We like
>> stay in your lane is something everybody
hates saying, but I think in my world,
unless you're fee gathering, stay in
your lane. Like people know what we do.
>> You're going to laugh.
>> I I believe in that. I hate when people
say it, but I practice it.
>> That's an annoying way to say I disagree
with what you're saying, but but what
you're saying is here's our expertise.
Here's my skill set. I'm going to apply
my the area I know best. So with Robin
so occasion and again
>> stars and I had breakfast with Fred this
morning. We're talking about like you're
a legend. Josh is a legend. Like I'm
around surrounded by legends because
I've lived long enough. I've lived long
enough and I'm curious and I'm nice and
I call people to say hello. I'm a
salesman. So who do I see this morning?
Fred Wilson. Like who did I rented? Tim
O'Brien. Like I'm friends with like
people that have you have signal because
you have what you've been on the street
and you have experience. Not maybe in
space but in what you do. You have
signal. So with Robin Hood and I had
learned from Fred Wilson like if you
really believe in something
>> just
>> and I'm not a poker player. I don't get
on ball. You got to go in as a VC you
have to. So Robin Hood
>> you're convincing me to throw money into
fund seven and that'll be the end of
your run.
>> But that's different. Every fund is like
a crop of wine. It could go [__]
depending on how you know we're wrong.
>> 2024 was a good vintage.
>> 202 2021 terrible vintage. So, so, so
when Robin Hood was doing very well, but
they the two guys were like it was not
popular. Everybody, all the VCs had
committed to betterment Wealthfront type
model. So now they needed to raise
another round and I'm like
>> they wanted to raise
>> this is 14 or 15
>> 14. Yeah. So it was like
>> I think that's when we spoke.
>> Yeah. So they were like and I'm like
inexperienced because we write one
check. We don't have more money. So they
call me up and they go can you write us
a term sheet? It was a very
sophisticated way of saying like you
won't have to like actually invest but
if you come in like we can shop like we
can kind of shop it around. So I'm like
dude screw that. I I want to invest. So
over like July 4th weekend Tom my
partner and I was two of us at the time.
I'm like let's just write an 11 million.
They needed to raise 11 million bucks
and they wanted to raise it at some
stupid valuation. Let's it was 60
millionish. And I'm like, well, we're
never going to have to really write it,
but even if we do, I can convince my
friends like, this is the one, right?
And I called Fred Wilson. He goes, what
are you calling me for? You know what to
do. It's write a term sheet. I go, but
we don't have $11 million. And Fred
goes, you'll find it.
>> Just just do it like a six week, right?
>> Which is absurd. Now, today people write
billion dollar checks in an hour, but
like he goes, just ask for six weeks,
>> right? So, you you
know, whatever you're typing it up, send
him a term sheet. 10 fingers. So
>> yeah, back then more but you know 10
fingers more errors. So anyway, so we
write up this term sheet. We send it to
them and they shop it as they probably
and index ventures Yon Hummer who's like
a like one of the best investors
>> comes back with a term sheet of 11
million on 65 million.
>> Wow.
>> And
like a fiveday close. So like you know
they got what they wanted. Oh and by the
way indexing their term sheet index in
their term sheet social leverage that's
a typical like who are they
>> right?
>> Luckily by writing that term sheet vlog
and by did the right thing and they
carved out like as much as we could. We
couldn't even raise a million. So when
we so they carved us out we put 800
grand in the series A.
>> If we had done the 11 million I'd be a
billionaire
>> right 200x on on the
>> Yeah.
>> That's unbelievable. No, way bigger like
at the peak, but like um but we've had
better investments. We've had better
>> sitting with the Robin Hood shares.
>> A lot of my LPs, we distributed the
stock. A lot of my LPs have not sold.
>> Nobody colors it. Nobody says
>> I don't ask. Our job is to deliver them.
>> There you go.
>> The the the the cash.
>> I want to start with a quote of yours
that I really love.
>> Okay.
>> Quote, "The whole world has become a
casino. Thanks to AI and prediction
markets, we are all more productive and
degenerate now.
>> Mhm.
>> Let's talk a little bit about the
degenerate economy. Explain to listeners
what is the degenerate economy or the
degen economy.
>> Well, I don't like the word degen. So,
when I say degenerate, I say it in the
humoristic way. You and I are
degenerates, right? Because we'll buy a
watch, we'll bet on a game, we laugh at
degeneracy. We don't we don't we
appreciate the art of degeneracy versus
meaning
>> meaning laserized was dumb,
>> right?
>> But degeneracy is an art form like
speculation. And I live I own and I joke
that I own and operate two millennials
and when you own and operate two
millennials, you watch you look over
their shoulders.
>> Those were your first startups?
>> No, my kids. Yes.
Startups. My the only startups that
matter. And
>> did either of them merge yet? Do we have
any M&A activity yet?
>> We need We need
>> I'm not talking about I'm not talking
about dividends. I'm talking about Are
they married?
>> No.
>> So, no mergers yet?
>> No. My son was My son was in
>> Are you on the board? You should be
chairman of their board.
>> How are they on the board? I'm trying to
get them also.
>> I'm trying to get them fired.
>> I'm trying to get medical checks to see
if anything's working. So, um, so
degenerate economy was born of this idea
that I couldn't believe where we went
like with GameStop. Like
>> I was so stressed during the GameStop
thing because
>> really
>> I hadn't monetized I hadn't monetized
our investment. I'm like there there was
a weekend
>> Yeah.
>> when Robin Hood was worth 40 billion,
>> right?
>> And it could have been worthless. Do you
understand? like I wasn't rich
>> and I'm like it wasn't even their blame
whoever you want. People lost their
minds.
>> Let me annotate.
>> So So let me just explain to you if you
have your phone.
>> Go ahead.
>> What Robin Hood perfected
>> Mhm.
>> which no one figured out. It was like
when we used to play pinball.
>> Mhm.
>> Everybody there was always that kid who
was so good at it.
>> Crazy bump it. Well, he could pump it
without tilting it,
>> right?
>> And he could just get the he could just
get the machine to dance for him. tilt
happened.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Everybody the the app was so welld
designed. The app was so well designed
that everybody pushed the same button at
the same time
>> and it couldn't carry the the I remember
when
>> you understand that's literally what
happened. It was a design flaw. It was a
design flaw.
>> It wasn't the design flaw. Nobody
expected it to scale 10,000x.
>> No, but if you push everybody to one
button or another button and then people
come on see me say push this button and
everybody's like let's see what happens.
And guess what happened? Crash not to be
repeated again. Hasn't been repeated
again. And that's what makes the markets
great. That hole was filled by the hole
being created. Right.
>> We haven't seen another thing like this.
Although recently with car Avis, but
like GameStop broke the machine.
>> Yeah.
>> And almost bankrupted the company,
>> right?
>> And and it was many lessons in there.
The most important was Robin Hood,
>> not in their hubies or anything, they
mistook success for a brand. Mhm.
>> When you build a brand in four years,
not 40 years, you don't appreciate that
you have no brand value,
>> right?
>> And I'm like, no one understands this.
Like they were one of the first case
studies. I'm like, well, it didn't
deserve to be zero. Who knows what all
the things that went wrong, but I'm just
some guy was like, what the like could
how embarrassing would it be if it goes
from 40 billion to zero? And you know,
Galloway and all these guys were piling
on and show all these people piling on.
I'm like, you don't even understand
what's going on. So, wait, let me let me
tease this out of you a little bit. I
thought you were going in a different
direction. How degenerate the trading in
things like GameStop and when Hertz was
bankrupt and or was it Avis? I don't
even remember which.
>> Some really foolish, reckless, and and I
I think those of us with gray hair
looked at it and kind of laughed cuz we
knew exactly how that was.
>> Apes and all the AMC stuff. I hated it,
but it doesn't stop it. That wasn't your
concern. Your concern was, "Hey, here's
a fire hose of new clients, new orders.
This is the scale this company needs to
become wildly successful, and they're
just not prepared to deal with the sheer
volume. And if this crash goes on more
for a couple of hours, two days from
now, this is a zero."
>> It was a zero. We can argue, I don't
know the whole story, but I imagine
someone called someone at the options
clearing firm and said, "You're
bankrupt." And the VCs, lucky, were in
so big, they had had to put in more
money. They didn't have the reserve cash
you need for margin trades of
>> options. We'll never know the real
story.
>> So technically SIBO is the counterparty
on all trades and they also own the
platform. So they demand a certain
amount of capital if you're going to
trade X and they're trading billions of
dollars. They didn't have that capital.
>> So so this is why my degenerate economy
index was born. meaning I don't think
AMC is in what's in my index which is
outperforming everything is SIBO is one
of my top number one positions who
benefits so my degenerate economy thesis
is
>> finding the companies that benefit from
global degeneracy
>> you created this last year two years ago
so
>> free I just share it
>> just to put some numbers on this
>> it's gambling it's day trading it's
memecoin speculation
>> it's vaping unfortunately
>> 170% % the NASDAQ 100 over the same time
period isn't even up 100%. It's up 94%.
Correct. You're almost doubling the
NASDAQ
>> and I give it away for free because and
I share the
>> Why isn't this an ETF?
>> Because Vanek always talks to me. Van
always like why do you want to be in the
ETF business?
>> So do you know you use Al ETF architect
work with Vanion
product? Again, this is I think part of
like, you know, the age I'm at is like I
don't want to be someone yelling at me
that my that I Kathy what that I as soon
as I monetize it, it'll go to zero. Like
this thing will stop working. I love the
idea that I can give it away for free.
This goes back to the original social
media meaning what am I going to make?
It's like as soon as I start charging
for it, the whole thing becomes
>> I took ads off the blog because they
were annoying and ugly and the amount of
revenue it made was just too annoying.
>> You're you're saying the same thing?
>> Yeah, I'm saying like, hey man, I'm like
I got a little thesis. It's not that
complicated.
>> I I love this thesis. I would I think
people CME bit Hyperlid now is in there.
No one knows what Hyperlid is. I
constantly add hyperlquid is the is the
thing
>> meaning today all I get pitched on are
by the next Robin Hoods
>> and I'm like the world doesn't need
another Robin Hood but all they keep
talking about is you know we got pers
trading 247 on hyperl it's it's it's the
new salana let's call it because I'm not
a crypto guy and I'm like after getting
a hundred pitches of the same product
and they all talked about Hyperliquid I
just bought Hyperlid
>> and what what's the market cap of that
one it's 12 people in one of the most
profitable companies in the world out of
Singapore. Like the guy has no freedom
because he's so rich. Um it's like a
system. It's like a very fast chain.
>> What's the symbol?
>> Hy pe
>> hype. What a great symbol.
>> Yeah, it's a token and you can buy it on
Robin Hood. Again, I'm not promoting.
I'm just saying.
>> Wait, so this you can buy it on Robin
Hood, but does this not trade over the
counter? You can't get it anywhere.
>> You can trade it as a there's a DAT
called Purr. Again, I'm not recommending
it, but I'm long a little is um
>> a way that you can trade it over the
counter. And again, you're betting on
the fact you don't know anything about
supply demand. You're just it's the
system that everybody's trading.
>> Pure speculation.
>> Pure speculation
>> on other people's speculation.
>> That's why the squared.
>> So, anyways, what I'm what So, the
degenerate economy is about picks and
shovels.
>> Uhhuh. We can't stop if if a young
person like my son and again I own and
operate two millennials and and they'll
I don't want them betting. My son will
call me and goes I can't believe I lost
a 20 team parlay. I go who are you? Are
you even of my this is why I have to do
a stepin takeover of my son's company
cuz I'm like are you talking to me like
you asked me to vend my 50 bucks to put
on a 20 team parlor and you're
complaining about three threat. It's so
idiotic. So I'm like trying to teach
them not to be idiots. You can have a
degenerate economy.
>> You need a little bit of math. The
problem is not enough kids taking math.
>> And you also full circle on degenerate
economy. You have the wrong teachers
right now. I got to brought on board by
guys like you, Kramer, people who had
experienced stuff. Fred Wilson. These
kids are learning from Chamoth and David
Sax. These guys were born of one
generation. They worked at Facebook.
They worked for Elon. You could if
you're not rich working for Elon or
Facebook. That would be interesting. If
you are rich and you're kissing the
nipple of Facebook and that's not
interesting. You were supposed to be
rich,
>> right?
>> Have some humor. Have So our job is
humility. Are you a little hubist? So my
job is my kid is like more humility.
>> Stop being a degenerate, right?
>> But the fact is you can't not be a
degenerate when prices
are yoloing because they can and because
>> and it's frictionless.
frictionless and they'll learn. Some of
these kids will learn how to be good put
sellers or premium sellers. I
understand. But the markets are very
important. Meaning having a price on
everything is fantastic.
>> Can I share prices?
>> Quick degenerate story with you.
>> Years ago, my wife and I I'm not a
cruise person. We were young. We were
broke.
>> We used to use this website called
vacationstogo.com.
You book last minute. It would cost you
nothing. Like a week-long cruise through
eight islands in the Caribbean. 500
bucks, food and drink included, booze
included. So, as soon as they hit
international waters, the casino opens.
I am not a gambler. We walk through and
I just decide to look at the roulette
table. Not bet,
>> look at it. And this is the difference
between my wife who taught fashion,
illustration, and design is a visual
person.
>> I'm a little more of a math guy. And I
say to her, so we're watching 20 minutes
of roulette and it's just it's so dumb.
>> Yeah, I hate losing money.
>> It's for for random stupid reason. But I
point out to her,
>> look, the red pays or red or black or
odd or even pay two to one, but you have
zero and double zero, so it's not even
odds. And then this group pays three to
three to one, but it's one in four
chance of winning. So they're making
money. and I'm going over all the math
with her
>> and she listens to all the numbers and
says to me,
>> "I don't know about the ratios of the
math, but all I can tell you is I see
people um I see the Kier taking off a
whole lot more money than she's handing
out to gamblers." That That's the
takeaway, not the odds. Correct. Be the
house. Don't be
>> CBOE hit alltime highs.
>> They're the house. Yeah.
>> Have you ever hear anybody on social
media talking about CBO? They love that
no one's talking about them. So the
other thesis that I have is trends with
no friends.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Okay. So, so I'm looking for trends
because again I run a huge social media
site, right? So I if I have a choice
between Nvidia and SanDisk, everybody's
talking about Nvidia. I'm not saying I
know about Broadcom. Same thing.
>> Same thing. So on Stock I can look for
tickers that are trending with very few
followers. No, it doesn't have to be. I
don't like small cap. So I'm like early.
I mean before it really goes up 10.
>> So I the one thing that struct and I
have to AI. Well, you asked me why I
came back to struct. It's two things. AI
>> and the fact that like I can now code
with clog code.
>> Oh, this could take six weeks. I need it
by today.
>> Well, again, there's not today, but
there's not six weeks, right?
>> Okay. So, so there's that. And then
there's the fact that we have all this
data and we have a great community. So,
I wanted to come back and like see this
thing through and we're and we're doing
very well. The the the issue is now I
can explain to people and I can pull out
the data to show people trends with no
friends. Meaning I want to f you want to
find stocks that are trending that have
very little discussion.
>> Makes a lot of sense.
>> Yeah. It's just intuitive. Meaning IBD I
I learned on IBD. I love price relative
strength. We I've just added a layer to
that that matches high price relative
strength with low social. It's almost
like the moosh of Vegas. I'm trying to
find the stocks that no one even though
I run a social media site. I'm like
betting on the fact that like they'll
discover this in time.
>> You should talk to Ben Hunt and what
he's doing with Persian
>> cuz they're to have a narrative thing.
>> They're to but the combination of
>> where the narrative is just starting to
tick up
>> and and where the trend is.
That's why I so I give it away for free.
>> He's quantified it.
>> I hate the quant side. I just visually
see it
>> right
>> from years of being a known quant I went
to ASU I don't even know math
>> but but if you want AI to help you with
this
>> yeah I got to catch up with Ben's
awesome but but he also sees the world a
little darker than I see it I'm much
more of an optimist
>> uh you and I both
>> yeah so
>> but when I want to know what's the worst
case scenario like when the tariffs were
first rolled out
>> uh not so much losing the finger but his
piece the end of the pax Americana
>> it's true
>> was the end point where if this really
goes off the rails, this is how bad it
could be.
>> It's delization,
>> but he he works out the details. Yeah.
So, but again, you and I are both a
little more of optimist.
>> I'm much more simple, right?
>> If I see something going up,
>> you want
>> that's my cue to look and then if it's a
certain market cap and then I check
stocks and I go, no one cares. I love
that. Then I I need to tell a story.
Everybody needs to tell stories. Stocks
are stories and some people are great at
storytelling. The Palunteer guy certain
but again the numbers eventually matter
>> right
>> and I'm trying to find companies going
up
>> right and that's not complicated but
then I have other layers to it and I
need to understand the catalyst myself
like if it's just something I'll never
understand it's hard for me to ride the
waves. So if I don't really understand
and use the product the odds of me
getting scared out of a trade are 99%.
So, so let's talk about your
>> So, that's my index. Le,
>> let's talk about your startups who are
becoming degenerates, your kids,
>> given social apps, zero commission
trading, uh, all the option stuff that's
going on
>> for your kids benefit, what sort of
guard rails, I don't know if it's the
product, regulation, uh, educational,
what do you wish was in place to protect
them that isn't there yet? And and let's
also add these are not minors. These are
late 20s adults out of school for almost
a decade. Real people. What guardrail
should they have to protect them from
their own worst instincts?
>> Listen, we could argue that the B we put
our our negative hat on. It's like you
can go buy bullets at Walmart. So it's
like what is a guardrail, right? In a
world where you can buy bullets and you
know everybody's got drones. Um, so I'm
like more like, "Okay, guys, if I hear
that you did a parlay, we can't be
related." So like, stop betting. Betting
is different than investing. So if if
Shane at at Poly Market and they're
partners of ours, if they if Shane or
Tariq at at Khi had pitched me those
ideas at the same time that Robin Hood
pitched me their idea, I would have
passed. Why? I don't bet. I think it's
stupid, right?
>> Okay. Like, I think it's funny and I
think prediction markets are news better
than the New York Times. to no offense
because I like prediction markets
because I don't have an opinion. I just
look at the price and I go whether I
believe it or not. I think that's the
genius of it. But if if Poly Market and
Khi went out to VCs and said we're the
new news, their valuation would be a
dollar,
>> right?
>> Okay. So, we know the real story. They
can't tell what they really are good at,
which is news.
>> And by the way, they're not great at
news.
>> I understand. But either is news good at
>> It's probability of something happening.
>> But I'd rather not read someone's
opinion. I don't need to see Elon's
finger on the news because there's a sto
there. That's not the real story. Give
me the numbers. I know it's fake, but I
got a number. If Mandami is at 90% and
my daughter's mad, I go, Rachel, here's
what you do. Then bet the other side.
You'll make eight time or or put
>> it's 10 to one.
>> 10 to one. But I would bet money on
madami. And if you really want to change
how you think about the world, go help
somebody on the other side who has a
chance, go put in the time. Go help Mark
Cuban. if you really want to be
>> I love what he's doing on the healthare
side.
>> But when I said it to my daughter, I
said, "Call Mark. I'll get you in touch
with Mark. Do something." But just
complaining about the numbers that you
see and the numbers were right. Whether
whether they whether they tipped it in
again, I don't want to get into all like
the fraud and all the fake stuff about
it, but the numbers much easier than
reading an opinion piece.
>> I'm going to Can I tell share something
fun?
>> Yeah. So there were some of the early
bets about outcome of the war and
different events happening and I said in
a quarterly call, hey, I don't really
know uh who's putting we don't know
who's putting these bets in. Yeah.
>> But if you stop and think about it,
>> if you're negotiating with another side,
this being a scop because you spent half
a million dollars to move uh the outcome
of something, that's the least money the
Department of Defense will ever spend.
and anybody on their side is looking
this. Oh, they're they're really going
to put boots on the ground. That's Look
at the track record here. Here's a a a
wallet that's 10 for 10. Oh my god. We
have to stop and think about You don't
really know who's using this, who's
betting this, who's manipulating. That
guy who got arrested, that was a
throwaway. That's a false flag.
>> It's still better than Russia and China
using our social media.
>> Oh my god. So, I'm very North Korea and
Iran.
>> Yeah. So, I'm not saying I'm for I'm an
investor in Poly Market and Kalshi
personally at crazy valuations because I
wouldn't have invest like I just chased
it in in SPV personally.
>> The co- um founder of uh Kshi the woman
what's her name?
>> I don't know but I know it's a woman I
just can't remember.
>> No, she was a guest on the podcast and I
she was really good. This is years ago.
This is three years ago. I should never
even thought to put money into it. So
>> it sounded more academic than anything.
>> It was academic and it still is because
there's very few people using these
products for all the free presses. It's
like Twitter. There was very few people
using Twitter.
>> Um
the drain at this point.
>> No, but I'm saying at the beginning it
had a lot of power even though there
weren't that many users.
>> It was it was you know it was a fraction
of Instagram or Tik Tok.
>> So the same fraction it's a fraction of
the news. But I'd rather my son and
daughter go to page two of Poly Market
because you know what? They're going to
see news that they didn't would never
look at in the New York Times. They go
look at the election in Peru
>> and now at least they'll know the names
>> or Venezuela for that matter
>> or Venezuela. So I'm super bullish for
different reasons on prediction markets
and I know there's like obviously I have
money on
>> this fits right into the degeneracy
index
>> completely.
>> How long does the DGEN index run for? Is
this a short-term thing or does this
>> Great question. That's why I don't want
to charge for it because I think I'm
going to let because Google and Apple
are my biggest positions because they
are the rails for the degenerate
economy. They are the front-facing tool
of it.
>> Apple because of the phones and mobile
>> and Google because of the phones and
YouTube and app store. The casino games
all run on app stores. The free games
that you have
>> they make a fortune off that.
>> Why not Amazon or Facebook? Amazon just
added the beginning of the year
>> because of robots. Axons and
>> not close to the Amazon web service
because of robots.
>> Yeah. I mean it just you can't not own
Amazon at this era in degenerate economy
because they are the center of it. Which
>> robot robot argue is the degenerate
economy. You have to own
>> any of the robot builders you like.
>> No, because they're too early. I'm a
personal investor in a few. But clearly
give us some names.
>> Appronic.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Which is just massive. But again, it's a
personal investor. Do you have any
interest in what uh Elon is doing with
Grock? And
>> yeah, but it's a holding company. Like I
I don't know what this position.
>> It's kind of random.
>> So So
>> meaning Tesla is a holding company for
everything, but
>> or is that going to be the entity that
goes public for
>> I thought it was SpaceX.
>> No, but I'm saying does SpaceX Why does
he need two tickers? Like again, I don't
understand what the final being is.
>> So why do I need to own some Elon
holding company? I think that's stupid.
So because you're betting on him and you
don't think
>> who cares. I'd rather bet on something I
understand.
>> I'm with you. I'm not I don't disagree.
I'm trying to
>> Yeah. Another recent ad is it's already
doubled as clear secure. You know clear
when you go through it's just so to me
if the world's degenerates you need
security. So it's like so clear's been a
home run. They don't have a lot of tech
but a great brand.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh and
>> I thought they have tech isn't
>> I think they license a lot of the tech.
>> Every Oh that's not theirs. They don't
own it.
>> Yeah. So again, once you dig into a
story, my conviction comes like how much
of this they own, but they're a hell of
a brand. The company's been around
forever
>> and they have the failed with FAA and
they can do so much more around
stadiums. The brand matters.
>> What are you talking about? You go to
watch a Nick game, it's clear on the way
in.
>> That was my bet. Um, it's just a clear
trend. No one ever talks about it, too.
So, it's a massive uptrend.
>> Broke out and you never hear people talk
about it. use either uh Chase Sapphire
Reserve or MX I want to say platinum.
You get a credit towards any travel and
clear is just an automatic. It's
no-brainer. What is it? $150 a year,
it's fantastic.
>> It's my son would call me goes, "That's
the greatest gift you ever got me." I'm
like, "Wow." When a 20-year-old knows
something and an 80-year-old knows
something, those are good trends. You
know, that's a brand.
>> Yeah.
>> When a just a 20-year-old knows it, not
a brand.
>> Maybe it catches on, maybe it doesn't.
>> Yeah. CBOE. I love it because they power
the whole thing. You can't do this
without CBOE, CME, the Merc, you know,
is, you know, the New York Stock
Exchange.
>> Let me ask you a question, a direct
investing question before we get to our
favorite questions
>> that I think a lot of investors have a
hard time with. I started on trading
desk, so I'm okay with losses. It's a
given. But if you say to somebody, I
want you to put a little money into
these 10 or 20 stocks. Half of them are
going to go out of business. Maybe five
are break even. You'll make money on a
couple and maybe one's a home run.
>> How do you deal with that really fathead
long tail, you're not a
>> indexing? I'm so into indexing.
>> No, I mean on your on your private seed
state like most of the seed investments
you're going to make
>> aren't going to give you return. I am
bearish. Oh, I'm wrong all the time.
>> I'm just bearish on my industry, right?
I never I believe it was a moment in
time with Zerp.
>> I think it got the country through it's
unintended circumstances. We live in all
these unintended circumstances, right?
>> Yeah. Or circum unintended consequences.
Sorry.
>> By the way, now that wealthy that
happens a whole lot more.
>> I am wealthy. Just born at the right
time. A lot of unintended circumstance.
Zerp is a good thing,
>> right? I'm not saying I'm not saying I
shouldn't be ashamed. But
>> if you have assets, if you're if you're
working stiff, it's like I used to be.
It was tough.
>> Yeah. S&Ps at all-time highs. Cash
levels at alltime highs. If I hear those
two things together, what do I think of?
Inflation, right?
>> There's never been a better time to have
assets, right?
>> Doesn't mean I don't know when it's
going to end. I have cash and stocks.
It's a double whammy. The the So, I'm
lucky. I am so bearish on what I do for
a living.
>> Meaning, what value do I add in a world
of 6% interest rates tying someone up
for 10 years when I could go buy
SanDisk, right,
>> in the public markets and get 6,000% in
a year? I'm not saying I'm smart enough
to hold these things, right? But in a
world where Robin Hood and a thousand
Robin Hoods are going to bloom, if
you're asking me, my biggest bet, public
markets do the work. You have an analyst
in Claude,
>> right? You can go see beaten up. No
one's following any stock. Everybody's
momentum investing. Go find 10
companies. Why would you do a startup
investing? Every kid wants to be an
angel investor. I'm like, dude, do it in
the public markets. You have liquidity
and you're not locking up your clients
for 10 years.
>> But you're not answering my question,
okay? Which is how do you as an investor
deal with the psychology of knowing most
of your seed investments aren't going to
work out? Is it just the nature of the
beast or does that weigh on you at all?
>> No, I think it it it aligned with how I
thought of the world as a as as someone
who believes their high integrity, who
wishes who who wants people to believe
their high integrity for my kid's sake.
And you know,
>> the integrity of telling my investors
that upfront is the release.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Meaning, I'm not telling my investors
we're going to be 90% hit, right? If you
give me money, you're going to hate me
because you're going to think the idea
that I love is the dumbest idea. The
Robin,
>> quote unquote.
>> Yeah. Dumbest idea.
>> You are betting on me to hang 30 pieces
of art in Mahi's gallery, the Larry
David Gallery, and you will pick and if
I gave you the choice to invest in all
30, you would pick the two that went to
zero. So, you're betting on me to just
see the world my way. And then I'm not
telling you we're going to make a
hundred times our money, but my job is
to find one company that's a hund
bagger.
>> Okay. So I so I have to know math. I
have to do this. I have to have just get
yelled at by my LPS when they read our
quarterly letters and go that was the
dumbest idea. I'm like you're right.
Like I'm embarrassed. Um but our job is
to find a Robin Hood and we found many
of them. You know Lifellock Robin Hood
Beehive. We've got one called Alpaca.
Again a trend with no fun.
>> No. Well, alaka powers thousand Robin
Hoods around the world. They're like the
a modern apex.
>> Uhhuh.
>> So, I'm saying like our job is to know
what we know, take crazy bets, um, and
and sell that to our LPs is like you're
investing for 10 years. This is like,
you know, it's not as good as it was in
2013 when rates were zero.
>> And and and now it's a different game
again. And I'm thinking like with you
got clawed and you can do an anal you
can analyze a stock in like three
seconds. I'm like the the the the
everyone's a CFA all of a sudden if they
want to be what a great time to be a
public market investor and yet everybody
wants to be a private investor. So again
>> so funny coming from you.
>> Yeah. 2020. I've been writing about this
since co it's like public markets are
amazing because there's so many stupid
people making dumb bets on Robin Hood
and dislocation is everywhere and it's
only getting worse
>> and the degenerate economy is going to
continue driving this theme.
>> Yes. And I think most people should
index but everybody should learn how to
pick stocks too in this era.
>> I gota All right. So it's almost
midnight. And I only have you for a few
minutes more and you have to end up uh
at at your events tonight. Breaking
news, October Fest, October 6 coming
back to New York. That's our big event
where that's exciting.
>> Yeah. Thousand people on the west side.
>> I am looking forward.
>> October 6. If you want to come, hit me
up.
>> Let's do our speed round. Five
questions. Uh
>> two hours,
>> 10 seconds each. I'm going to jump right
into it. Starting with
>> boxers. Who were your early mentors who
helped shape your career?
I think part of I hate saying this, I
didn't have good early mentorship. So I
I really take pride in mentoring other
people
>> because I
>> who were your later mentors. I hear Fred
Wilson.
>> Yeah. You like people that I discovered
like the mentorship came from the
community. Being the mentor led me like
Stock Twits being a giver
opened me up to get mentorship. I think
young kids are not getting good
mentorship.
>> So just pure karma.
>> Karma.
>> I love that. Uh what are some of your
favorite books? What are you reading
right now? I know what you're reading
next. What are you reading now?
>> Yeah, I got your but I don't read.
>> You're on flights all the time. What do
you do? Just movies.
>> I'm so addicted to like HBO, Amazon.
>> So, you're watching series.
>> Yeah, I built I'm just very question.
>> But hang on. So, you're asking books. I
still love the classic Shoe Dog for
business. You know, Phil Knight's book.
>> I love Agassy's biography. I I like
stuff. I just I just my brain doesn't
work with books.
>> Huh. That's really interesting. Tell us
what you're watching on Netflix, HBO,
Amazon.
>> I just rewatched The Nick. Have you
watched The Nick on HBO?
>> Solderberg. That sounds
>> Oh, it's about the 1900s. The
Nickerbacher Hospital.
>> No, I did not watch.
>> Best show really season.
>> It's It's like surgery wasn't done until
like barbers used to do surgery in 1900,
>> right?
>> All the rich oil guys started backing
hospitals and that was the original
tech. surgery was tech
>> and it's just an incredible period piece
about the 1900s in Soho in New York.
>> Huh? I'll check on HBO. It's
>> Give us one more.
>> Uh there's very little good stuff on TV.
I think Rooster is pretty good.
>> Can I tell you something? HBO that
backwards. There's too much.
>> I think I've seen it all.
>> Have you seen Landman?
>> Great. But that's that's more like
Harley Quinn romance kind of series are
fun to watch and the kids like them too.
>> Okay. Uh, the Nick you'll love cuz it's
superior.
>> Three body problem if you want something
a little more.
>> No, but that's sci-fi. I think I don't
like sci-fi.
>> You don't like sci-fi?
>> So, you didn't watch The Expanse?
>> No, I didn't like that either. I tried
it and I never get into it.
>> Huh. That's interesting.
>> I like Degenerate.
>> Uh, how do you feel about uh Spy
that sort of stuff?
>> I love them.
>> Killing Eve.
>> Killing is good.
>> I like spy stuff. I can really follow it
well enough because I I starting off.
>> Yeah, it was good. Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> How about any of the British period
pieces?
>> I love Britbox. I watch Brit.
>> So, The Crown, Bridgetgerton,
>> not Bridget, but Britbox's a great
channel. Yeah.
>> Um there's that criterion for old
movies.
>> If you have Britbox, go back and watch
uh what was the name of that show? There
was a show that came out around the same
time as Friends only coupling
>> and it had it has teeth. It's I mean
everything from the 90s is a little
dated, but whereas Friends was kind of
milktoast and mushy, this has a sharp
edge and it's British,
>> so it's nasty and funny in a way that
only the Brits can do.
>> Okay. Yeah. So, I'm a media fanatic, but
not like I'm weird and I'm so bullish on
YouTube, Apple TV.
>> YouTube is just great.
>> I just love YouTube.
>> All right. So, final two questions. Um,
what sort of advice would you give to a
college grad interested in either
becoming a seed investor or a startup
entrepreneur?
>> Well, I think there's no shame in being
a number two, number three, or number
four. So, chief of staff is the new CEO.
>> So, go be someone's chief of staff.
Like, don't worry about pay or title.
Worry about finding something that's
working this way. Uh-huh.
>> It's It's much easier to go work for a
company that's just working.
>> So go like ignore the title,
ignore the salary, find a rocket ship
and attach yourself. Whether it's
Manscape, you're going to learn more.
There are going to be smarter people
around. There's going to be, you know,
less
aggravation, more work. But hey, like if
you're really serious, I tell my
daughter, it's like if you're really
serious about this,
>> it's going to take a lot of work, but go
do it. If you're not serious, be a
socialist. Like, it's okay. But like,
don't commit. Don't fool yourself. Like,
go work for a rocket ship. Otherwise,
who are you talking to? So, like,
there's no room anymore for these kids
that like if you want to start a
company, do you know it's 24/7,
>> right?
>> And if you and no one's going to like
you, and if you want to be a number two,
do you know what it takes to be a number
two?
>> So, I'm like, be honest, but like go
work for a company that's working. And
our final question, what do you know
about the world of venture and and seed
investing today that would have been
helpful 65 70 years ago when you were
first getting started?
>> No, I think I luckily got the right
mentorship and entered at the right
time. I think you have to do it for a
while. You got to get a crop like if
you're going to go do wine or the
weather matters and same with tech. Like
what matters with tech is you have to
get if you if you were of the Google
Glass era, not much worked,
>> right? If you were in the Blackberry
fund 2008,
>> no go.
>> No go, baby. So
>> unless unless you could have been an
early investor in Apple or when they
were public,
>> I think the public markets are
underappreciated because seed investing
became cool because of Zuckerberg and
because of a few of these rocket ships.
>> See, I thought seed investing or venture
investing really became cool in the 90s
and then in the 2000s kind of faded. No,
it's never been more in it's never been
more loved
>> today.
>> Oh, I go see these young kids. They It
seems like they know nothing and they
all want to be venture investor. I'm
like, God, have you ever bought a stock?
Like, you get wounded like day one.
Like, stock drops 20%. Like, go open a
Robin Hood account and learn how to
invest. Like, if you don't know the
public markets, what are you doing in
the private markets?
>> Got to graduate to private.
>> Yeah. I think the most the guys that got
who were interested in me and I'm not
saying they still are the crossover
investors, the people that like knew the
public markets and then started doing
private and I think that was my edge. I
knew how pricing worked, how whether I
was right or wrong, I understood how
markets worked and the seed investing
the prices made sense to me relative to
public markets. Now the prices in
private markets make no sense to me.
>> Howard, it is always a blast when you
come in. You're a bucking bronco. I
never know where we're going to go. You
are not Larry David. You are the Zach
Galifanakis. Oh, I love Zack
>> of of finance. He was just on Conan.
Watch that episode.
>> I should put two ferns in here just for
your arrival. Thank you, by the way, for
for being so generous with your time and
good luck at the cash awards tonight.
>> If you enjoy this conversation, well,
check out any of the 600 we've done over
the past 12 years. You can find those at
iTunes, Spotify, Bloomberg, YouTube,
wherever you get your favorite podcasts.
Uh, I would be remiss if I didn't thank
the crack team that helps put these
conversations together each week. Alexis
Noriega is my overworked video producer.
Sean Russo is my researcher. Anna Luke
is my podcast producer. Uh, I would also
like to uh just drop a little piece of
information. The paperback of How Not to
Invest comes out
>> today. Um, by the time you hear this,
it'll be out already. Um, what else do I
want to say other than
>> you look good?
>> Thanks. I'm Barry Rholz. You've been
listening to Masters in Business on
Bloomberg Radio.